1. Dataset Description.

The data for this project came from http://quotes.toscrape.com. This data included quotes
from a variety of authors with differing tags as labels. I took the data from the first 
three pages of the website. It included 30 records, all including a quote, author, and
multiple tags. These became the columns of my dataset.

2. Pipeline Description.

My pipeline first calls on the scrape_all_pages function. It contains three other functions. 
So this function is actually four functions. It begins with fetch_page which gains access
to the url. Next is the parse_page function which gathers the relevant data from the url.
This includes the test of the quote, the author, and the tags. Then, the store_quote function
stores the gathered information into a database. This is all included in the scrape_all_pages
function, which gathers from the first three pages of the website.

Next, I set the query_analyze function equal to quotes_per_author. I gathered
statistics on my data such as quotes per author, most prolific authors, and tag frequency.
Then, the data_visualization function calls on the quotes_per_author information to create
a bar chart displaying the number of quotes per author. The main function runs all of the
above pieces so that the user only needs to run one function.

3. Findings. 

My analysis gave me some statistics about the frequency of authors and tags. My chart
specifically showed that Albert Einstein had the most quotes on this website. I found 
this surprising as he is not an author in the sense that I imagined. Many of the other 
authors had only one or two quotes in comparison to Einstein's six. I also found it 
interesting that life and love were the most frequent quote tags.

4. Ethical Considerations. 

This data collection is considered ethical primarily due to the specific website that 
the data was pulled from. The website is called quotes.toscrape.com. It is intended for
this exact use. I used time.sleep(5) to give the server a break between scrapes.

5. Limitations. 

My analysis was limited in certain aspects because there was a limited amount of data.
It also contains mostly qualitative data which is limiting in some aspects compared to
quantitive data. With more time, I would have liked to consult with AI to brainstorm 
other analysis ideas.